---
title: December 12, 2023
date: 2023-12-12
---

Tom Scarborough is joined by Kylie Aldridge-Ogden, Avi Schwab, and Shelley Goetz from the Core team to review the current state of the YMCA's Digital Services roadmap. This includes a demonstration of the new Promotion content type and the Program & Subprogram content types within Layout Builder.

## Recording

{{< youtube hrFHguHoDNE >}}

## Resources

- Slides - [December 2023 YUSA Community Call](</monthly-calls/decks/2023-12 YUSA Community Call.pdf>)

## Content Types

This call included a demonstration of the following content types:

*   **Promotion Content Type:** A new content type designed for creating promotional blocks. These blocks can be used in various layouts to highlight specific programs, events, or services. The promotion content type utilizes features like a title, body text, call-to-action link, and image, and is built using the Layout Builder Promo Card.
*   **Program & Subprogram Content Types:** Content types used for creating program and subprogram information. This allows for structured content that can be easily managed and displayed using Layout Builder.

## Layout Builder

Layout Builder is a powerful tool for creating flexible and dynamic page layouts. During the call, the team demonstrated how these new content types can be integrated into pages using Layout Builder. Layout Builder allows content editors to arrange blocks in regions of their installed themes and configure block settings. The *Block Content* module allows you to manage block types and content blocks.

