---
title: July 9, 2024
date: 2024-07-09
---

Tom Scarborough is joined by Shelley Goetz and Avi Schwab from the Core team to discuss what's coming up in the YMCA's Website Services roadmap.

Highlight agenda items include:

-   Release Schedule Changes
-   Description of the Small Y Template
-   Security Updates
-   Virtual Y - sunsetting at end of 2024

## Small Y Template

The Small Y template is a collection of modules designed to customize the appearance and functionality of the YMCA Website Services distribution for smaller Y associations. It provides a streamlined and focused set of features, making it easier to manage and maintain a website.

Key modules included in the Small Y template:

*   **Small Y Module (ws\_small\_y):** Core module providing the base functionality and styling for the Small Y template.
*   **Small Y - Staff Members (ws\_small\_y\_staff):** Helper module for the custom Staff Members block type.
*   **Y Layout Builder - Small Y Hero Banner (small\_y\_hero):** Hero banner modifications specifically for the Small Y template.
*   **Y Layout Builder - Small Y Ping Pong (small\_y\_ping\_pongs):** Helper module for the custom ping pong block type.
*   **Y Layout Builder - Small Y Articles and Related articles (small\_y\_articles):** Helper module for the custom style Articles content type and Related articles block type
*   **Small Y - Statistics (ws\_small\_y\_statistics):** Helper module for the custom Small Y Statistics block type.

For developers, the Small Y template utilizes a modern CSS development workflow:

*   **SASS Compilation:** Leverages node-sass to compile SASS files into CSS.
*   **Auto-prefixing:** Ensures cross-browser compatibility using postcss and autoprefixer.

Refer to the [Small Y Module README](https://git.drupalcode.org/project/ws_small_y/-/blob/1.x/README.md) for development and configuration instructions.

## Recording

{{< youtube NxFRIe1v1Zo >}}

## Resources

-   Slides - [July 2024 YUSA Community Call](</monthly-calls/decks/2024-07 YUSA Community Call.pdf>)
